# Milestone 2 Requirements
**IGNORE ELITA IS USING THIS SECTION AS A PLACER**
The idea here is that we have generated a "color by coordinate" sheet, where you can make a picture in the editor, then get a print view, print it and it is an activity to be colored. 

Why did we do this?
A large part of Computer Science is helping people, improving quality of life.  These color coordinate sheets are actively used in Vision Therapy for certain vision disorders.  You just make software to help with this type of therapy!  Nice.

## Overall
- [ ] next to each dropdown add a rado button so current color can be selected
- [ ] when cell in lower table is clicked
   - [ ] it is colored with the selected color
   - [ ] coordiate is added to the right column by the selected color
      - [ ] keep cells in alphabetical order
- [ ] when drop-down is changed to a new color
   - [ ] all of the cells in the table change from the old to the new color

## Print View
- [ ] Behave same as milestone 1
- [ ] radio buttons are **NOT** shown
- [ ] lower table's cells remain black and white **not colored**
- [ ] right column of upper table **does** contains cell coordinates

## Database: Manage Colors
**Note:  this will require creating a dynamic CSS stylesheet, generated by PHP**

- [ ] allow user to
   - [ ] add
   - [ ] delete
   - [ ] edit
- [ ] colors stored in 'colors' table in database
- [ ] colors have (all these are unique):
   - [ ] id
   - [ ] name
   - [ ] hex value
- [ ] validation changes
   - [ ] user enters # colors ≤ # color entries in database
      - instead of hard-coded 10
   - [ ] keep validation that selections are unique

## Final Polish
- [ ] have professional looking site
- [ ] print view should print on one page

# Grading
- [ ] Ability to paint with a chosen color, coordinate appears in table when painted (10 points)
- [ ] Cells change colors when drop down changed (10 points)
- [ ] Print view shows coordinates, no colored-in cells (10 points)
- [ ] Print view prints on one page (unless more than 5 colors chosen.  In that case, best effort) (10 points)
- [ ] DB table added to store colors, application pulls from table to populate drop downs (10 points)
- [ ] User interface to add/edit/delete colors (10 points)
- [ ] Final Polish, app is a well-polished, good looking, application without errors (40 points)
   - [ ] This is a large category and basically will be an overall impression of your site.  
   - [ ] Most of the submissions to Milestone 1 would have received 30-35 points on this (so don't stress too much!).
   - [ ] Features that aren't implemented won't count against, but if something is implemented, it should work nicely.
